# A Brief Background

As a programmer with an engineering mindset, I've always been fascinated with the
_process_ of communicating, and of written communication in particular.  From
plain text to \index*{nroff} and \index{\TeX}\TeX, to \index*{Microsoft Word} and
\index*{HTML}/\index*{CSS}, and now to \index*{Markdown} and \index*{Textile},
the state of the art has meandered almost full circle.

_... TODO (\index*{CI/CD}? \index*{GitHub}/collaboration)..._

And now I find myself volunteering to manage the updating and publishing of a
"special-interest group"-style publication.  Not because I am a subject-matter
expert, but because I know a lot about process and technology.  The goal is to
take a once-self-published book and bring it back to life; removing the chains
of proprietary formatting and software, and making it easily updatable and
publishable.

\index*{Markdown} is a fantastic format for simple-to-moderately-complex
documents.  It supports _just enough_ formatting for what you need 95% of the
time.  For a full book, however, you need callouts, asides, an \index*{index}
and other \index*{cross-references}, and perhaps a \index*{bibliography}.
Following \index*{Knuth}'s example of the
_\index*{\TeX book}_, _Advanced Markdown and Processing for Book Publishing_
will show you how to use \index*{Markdown} and other tools to do all of those
things, and more.

----

\index*{Markdown} is a fantastic format for simple-to-moderately-complex
documents.  This is simply more filler text but since I don't have access to the
lorem ipsum because the internet is flaky, I will just make do with whatever I
can type fairly quickly.

\index*{Markdown} is a fantastic format for simple-to-moderately-complex
documents.  This is simply more filler text but since I don't have access to the
lorem ipsum because the internet is flaky, I will just make do with whatever I
can type fairly quickly \cite{foo,baz}.

\index*{Markdown} is a fantastic format for simple-to-moderately-complex
documents.  This is simply more filler text but since I don't have access to the
lorem ipsum because the internet is flaky, I will just make do with whatever I
can type fairly quickly.

## A sub-section is born...

\index*{Markdown} is a fantastic format for simple-to-moderately-complex
documents.  This is simply more filler text but since I don't have access to the
lorem ipsum because the internet is flaky, I will just make do with whatever I
can type fairly quickly.

\index*{Markdown} is a fantastic format for simple-to-moderately-complex
documents.  This is simply more filler text but since I don't have access to the
lorem ipsum because the internet is flaky, I will just make do with whatever I
can type fairly quickly.

\index*{Markdown} is a fantastic format for simple-to-moderately-complex
documents.  This is simply more filler text but since I don't have access to the
lorem ipsum because the internet is flaky, I will just make do with whatever I
can type fairly quickly.

\index*{Markdown} is a fantastic format for simple-to-moderately-complex
documents.  This is simply more filler text but since I don't have access to the
lorem ipsum because the internet is flaky, I will just make do with whatever I
can type fairly quickly.

\index*{Markdown} is a fantastic format for simple-to-moderately-complex
documents.  This is simply more filler text but since I don't have access to the
lorem ipsum because the internet is flaky, I will just make do with whatever I
can type fairly quickly.

\index*{Markdown} is a fantastic format for simple-to-moderately-complex
documents.  This is simply more filler text but since I don't have access to the
lorem ipsum because the internet is flaky, I will just make do with whatever I
can type fairly quickly.

\index*{Markdown} is a fantastic format for simple-to-moderately-complex
documents.  This is simply more filler text but since I don't have access to the
lorem ipsum because the internet is flaky, I will just make do with whatever I
can type fairly quickly.

\index*{Markdown} is a fantastic format for simple-to-moderately-complex
documents.  This is simply more filler text but since I don't have access to the
lorem ipsum because the internet is flaky, I will just make do with whatever I
can type fairly quickly.

\index*{Markdown} is a fantastic format for simple-to-moderately-complex
documents.  This is simply more filler text but since I don't have access to the
lorem ipsum because the internet is flaky, I will just make do with whatever I
can type fairly quickly.

\index*{Markdown} is a fantastic format for simple-to-moderately-complex
documents.  This is simply more filler text but since I don't have access to the
lorem ipsum because the internet is flaky, I will just make do with whatever I
can type fairly quickly.

\index*{Markdown} is a fantastic format for simple-to-moderately-complex
documents.  This is simply more filler text but since I don't have access to the
lorem ipsum because the internet is flaky, I will just make do with whatever I
can type fairly quickly.

\index*{Markdown} is a fantastic format for simple-to-moderately-complex
documents.  This is simply more filler text but since I don't have access to the
lorem ipsum because the internet is flaky, I will just make do with whatever I
can type fairly quickly.

\index*{Markdown} is a fantastic format for simple-to-moderately-complex
documents.  This is simply more filler text but since I don't have access to the
lorem ipsum because the internet is flaky, I will just make do with whatever I
can type fairly quickly.

\index*{Markdown} is a fantastic format for simple-to-moderately-complex
documents.  This is simply more filler text but since I don't have access to the
lorem ipsum because the internet is flaky, I will just make do with whatever I
can type fairly quickly.

\index*{Markdown} is a fantastic format for simple-to-moderately-complex
documents.  This is simply more filler text but since I don't have access to the
lorem ipsum because the internet is flaky, I will just make do with whatever I
can type fairly quickly.

\index*{Markdown} is a fantastic format for simple-to-moderately-complex
documents.  This is simply more filler text but since I don't have access to the
lorem ipsum because the internet is flaky, I will just make do with whatever I
can type fairly quickly.

\index*{Markdown} is a fantastic format for simple-to-moderately-complex
documents.  This is simply more filler text but since I don't have access to the
lorem ipsum because the internet is flaky, I will just make do with whatever I
can type fairly quickly.

\index*{Every} \index*{single} \index*{word} \index*{in} \index*{this} \index*{paragraph}
\index*{is} \index*{indexed} \index*{to} \index*{force} \index*{a} \index*{second}
\index*{column}.
